OSDOCS-5497 (#56999)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-10-53-upgrading"]
==== Updating

> To update an existing {product-title} 4.10 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster within a minor version by using the CLI] for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an existing {product-title} 4.10 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster within a minor version by using the CLI].
```

Author: This would have to be a CI item for RNs because this is stock text that is used across all branches.

[id="ocp-4-10-54"]
=== RHSA-2023:1154 - {product-title} 4.10.54 bug fix and security update

Issued: 2023-03-15

{product-title} release 4.10.54, which includes security updates, is now available. Bug fixes included in the update are listed in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:1154[RHSA-2023:1154] advisory. RPM packages included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:1153[RHBA-2023:1153] advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.10.54 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-10-54-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, when editing any pipeline in the {product-title} console, the correct data was not rendered in the *Pipeline builder* and *YAML view* configuration options preventing you from editing the pipeline in the *Pipeline builder*. With this update, data is parsed correctly and you can edit the pipeline using the builder. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7657[*OCPBUGS-7657*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, when editing any pipeline in the {product-title} console, the correct data was not rendered in the *Pipeline builder* and *YAML view* configuration options, which prevented you from editing the pipeline in the *Pipeline builder*. With this update, data is parsed correctly and you can edit the pipeline using the builder. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7657[*OCPBUGS-7657*])
```
